Dr. Bushra Zahoor
Mind Craft Neuro-Psychiatry Clinic, Gold Medalist MBBS 


Position: Assistant Professor, Department of Psychiatry
Qualifications: MBBS, MD (Psychiatry), DNB (Psychiatry)

Email: bushra.zhro7oqmail.com

About Dr. Bushra Zahoor
Dr. Bushra Zahoor is a dedicated psychiatrist currently serving as an Assistant Professor in the Department of Psychiatry. She completed her MBBS from the Hamdard Institute of Medical Sciences and Research, New Delhi, followed by her MD in Psychiatry from the Institute of Human Behaviour and Allied Sciences (IHBAS), New Delhi. Additionally, she holds a DNB in Psychiatry, which she earned in June 2021. Dr. Zahoor is deeply passionate about advancing mental health services and is committed to reducing the stigma associated with mental illnesses through compassionate care.

Educational Qualifications
 1. MBBS
   Year: 2017
Institution: Hamdard Institute of Medical Sciences and Research, New Delhi
Registration Number: DMC-19060

2. MD (Psychiatry)
   Year: 2020
Institution: Institute of Human Behaviour and Allied Sciences (IHBAS), New Delhi
Registration Number: DMC-19060

3. DNB (Psychiatry)
   Year: 2021
   Institution: National Board of Examinations

Teaching Experience
Assistant Professor

Institution: Hamdard Institute of Medical Sciences and Research (HIMSR), New Delhi
Duration: Currently employed
Senior Resident

Institution: Lady Hardinge Medical College
Duration: 15-10-2020 to 15-05-2022 (2 Years)
Junior Resident

Institution: Institute of Human Behaviour and Allied Sciences (IHBAS)
Duration: 15-05-2017 to 15-08-2020 (3 Years)
Intern

Institution: HAHC Hospital, Jamia Hamdard University
Duration: 5-01-2017 to 15-01-2018 (1 Year)

Publications
Corresponding Author

“Role of Yogic Intervention in the Treatment of Depression” - Indian Journal of Ancient Medicine and Yoga
Author

“Profile of Patients with Major Depressive Disorder Receiving Adjuvant Yogic Intervention in a Tertiary Care Hospital” - Indian Journal of Ancient Medicine and Yoga
Co-Author

“Clozapine-Induced Pleural Effusion - A Case Report” - Submitted to the Indian Journal of Pharmacology
“Menopause and Mental Health” - Featured in the book “Handbook on Women Mental Health: An International Perspective” (Under publication)
“Example of a Long Case Presentation in Psychiatry” - Featured in the book “Clinical Case Taking—Long and Short Case For Medical Students” (Under publication)
Presentations

Free Paper Presentation on “Baseline C-Reactive Protein as a Predictor of Response to Treatment in Depression” at the 74th Annual National Conference, Indian Psychiatric Society, 2023
Poster Presentation on “Opioid Withdrawal Delirium - A Case Report” at the 74th Annual National Conference, Indian Psychiatric Society, 2023

Awards
Awarded Gold Medal in MBBS
Workshops, CMEs, and Conferences Attended
CME: Clinical Features, Diagnosis, and Management of ADHD—Current Perspective, organized by AIIMS, Mangalagiri, Andhra Pradesh.
International E-Conclave: Tobacco Cessation, 2021.
National Seminar: For Homeless Persons with Mental Illnesses and other Unreached Persons with Mental Illnesses, organized by IHBAS, Delhi.
Induction Training Workshop: Management of Substance Use Disorders under the project "Capacity Building Mechanisms for Addiction Treatment Facilities in India," organized by NDDTC AIIMS, August 2022.
Annual Conference: Delhi Psychiatric Society, 2022.
74th Annual National Conference: Indian Psychiatric Society, 2023, Bhubaneswar.
